hello everyone I'm joined right now by
Reginald after his team has finished
first and then split once more parthenon
giving him a funny look alright anyway
so you've gotten first once more what is
it about TSM that allows you guys to
always finish so strongly every split I
mean in terms of the season standings
I actually hasn't been for a while that
we've taken first are actually
technically I'm actually sure what I
replace them with last season do you
remember well I don't know but you
always finished really high and then you
often win the finals yeah so I think one
of the big biggest reasons why we do
well is our team culture a lot of teams
make roster decisions based on like
short-term decision-making rate like
they they try to pick up the like the
best player for that specific role at
that specific time despite them not
fitting well with their like team
culture and for TSM we try to create a
culture that's really team oriented that
players feel really comfortable on each
other and they're always improving and
it's not really necessarily focused on
the individual player like someone like
to say like Pearson or develop that are
you know superstar players that are
known to be superstar players but like
behind the scenes there there are
actually really good guys and they're
really focused on the team and they
really don't like focus on their own ego
versus like other teams have superstars
they're more about themselves they focus
on their lane they focus on game them
them them ahead versus having that team
improve and focus on like the team
getting ahead I don't know that make
sense you know I got you yeah now
there's this kind of meme that every
split TSM starts to go like this and
then Andy din steps in and then writes
the ship and helps them did that happen
this split because I didn't hear anybody
talk about it yeah so I for this split
I'm actually I was a lot more hands-off
this split compared to other splits for
this but specifically I went to only a
couple LCS games and I would talk to
partha online at a high level but I do
contribute a lot of discipline success
parts of the players for this blitz
playoff so it actually looks really
competitive and it and what that means
is I'm I am going to
helping the team a lot more with the
next couple weeks for playoffs Alisa now
what do you think given how competitive
everybody is right now that North
America's chances are at Worlds this
year because obviously has it been so
great recently but do you think that the
competitiveness between all the playoff
teams is a good sign I honestly it's
hard to tell because we went to Europe
rate and I referrals we did really well
but I think that since we've got back
from the roof levels and this new patch
is introduced our level of player has
dropped a lot and that could be
something that's global where all the
teams are thrown off of what they're
used to and so everyone's level apply
one down right because when there's an
introduced a patch that's introduced you
have to learn a lot of new things like
you know when you can push tires how
strong your champions are and really
getting the right base timings depending
on the champion matchups and altering
all those things in together it really
throws then it really throws up your
macca reply from like when can you do
baron with these champions - when can
you siege and whatnot um so it's a huge
reset so I wouldn't really contribute
are like rip rebels success - how well
would you internationally I think that
by having this big big patch it actually
even the playing field with North
America and Europe from like a Korea and
China standpoint I don't think I don't
think that we're super worried about
China I think that if anything were
worried about Korea and in terms of how
well will do this world I think that
semis is a good goal I think that we can
achieve that if we continue with math
we're headed now now shifting gears away
from the team and more towards the
organization there's this wonderful
thing where every couple weeks we could
see immortals for like these are our new
sports friends and CLG be like these are
our new sports friends and everybody's
wondering the hottest question right now
the biggest gossip is who is TS I'm
going to get married with to enter the
LCS and so I'm curious I'm sure you can
talk about active business negotiations
or anything like that but are you
looking for anything like that I mean
what do you think of all the
conversation around you know what to get
some situation is yeah so in terms of
investment and partners for the LCS
franchise
we did send in an application a few
weeks ago and we're hoping that we do
make it in in terms of up finding a
partner for the LCS we're talking to
quite a few parties that there's a
there's a handful of teams are there's a
handful of people that have reached out
to us primarily because you know most
teams have been invested into you and
we're really attractive because we're
still independently owned from a TSM
standpoint though we're we're looking at
more like a minority deals and more so
than like a majority deal so you're not
going to see like a major organization
come in and just control TSM and change
the way we run our organization when our
team and whatnot a lot of that's still
going to be on me and our management
team but we're definitely out there
looking there could be a possibility
where we just you know we get into the
franchise ourselves first and then
depending on how it goes afterwards we
can find a partner that can really help
us with our vision so there's like all
sorts of things that can happen it's not
definitive that we will find a partner
it really depends if we find the right
guy or the right person whoever it is
then it makes sense for us then we will
we'll look to do that but otherwise if
it doesn't make sense and we're not
going to do that your investment
situation sounds a lot like my job
situation you know I'm talking to
different people I might get a job here
or maybe I don't need a job I can just
do freelance who knows it's an
interesting time I think for both of us
it's about the same level of money too
I'm sure right the investment versus my
job that's all right no no it's a it's
definitely a big step forward for you
sports an organization for sure and you
know it's actually really interesting
I'm super excited the the people that
are entering new sports are you know way
better than the people that have been in
eSports last year or the year before
that and the local competition the
people involved are definitely better
and better every year
so that's actually something really
exciting for me at least because not
only do I get to work with these people
and learn from them but I also get to
compete against them and it's it's only
it's a lot more fun when things are
actually competitive you know and so I'm
super excited for this playoffs you can
it's going to see it seems honestly a
lot more difficult than
as playoffs just because out sears
everyone's taking it you know CLG is
good c9 is really good bigs good every
single team that's going to playoffs
this year they're fairly good compared
to other playoff playoffs where you know
there's like three or four good teams
and you know that everyone else is just
there to be there more so so I mean I'm
excited hey I know you are really good
friends with Steve and I'm sure we're
both paid by Steve but I'd like to ask
you a little bit about what your
thoughts aren't on Team Liquid situation
because it's pretty tough and you as a
guy standing on the sidelines and being
friends of Steve like how well you know
what is your impression on all the stuff
I mean from for what for like from what
angle right like them being bad or is
there anything specific yeah it's just
just obviou obviously I feel like the
kind of bleeding fans people see them
making all these roster changes all the
time and you know obviously there's
talks of a lot money being thrown around
because he's even the paid by Steve meme
is literally about him spending money so
you know it's a very different situation
than TSM and so as somebody who's been
asleep for a long time you know what do
you think of Steve's situation do you
think that the fans are kind of right
that the shit's like a show or do
you think that they're steve is playing
3d chess here I mean what what do you
think's going on so I'm about to give
you the like the most real answer ever
it's kind of kind of be hurtful to the
teal organization well I think that I
think for one then being talked about
and these means being created for them
it's actually a pretty positive thing
because before right I would say that
the teams are talked about North America
are TSM cloud9 CLG and tiel's is kind of
their like as a fourth place team
they're not they weren't ever really
relevant and so I don't see this is a
case of them losing fans but like this
is probably the time where they're more
talked about than ever right have you
ever seen like a I mean I also the HTC
meme have you really ever seen like TL
talked about every single thread talked
about in every single interview even
like in a TSM interview with Reginald
you're like talking about C right so I
think that if if you can turn around
this organization and start doing really
well
well then he's going to capture a lot
more eyeballs versus before I receive
did well he'll just did well like there
was a split one Kurt under curse they
took first ray but people didn't really
care that they are first place at that
time you know it's just like OTL just
first place in different several splits
actually do the season where teal has
done really well but has came unnoticed
it's because their players are honestly
pretty boring and but they're good but
they're don't really have personality
they don't really engage with the
community so I think that like from like
a gossip standpoint and like a PR
standpoint it's not so bad that they're
losing and being talked about it's way
better to it's way better to be in their
position than to be in like a you know
an echo fox rp1 our flack West's
situation ray like everyone's one game
apart literally well everyone's talking
about team bashing on them making fun of
them but when they do win now everyone's
about oh look they had a complete
turnaround next plate like they were
garbage and they turned everything
around they're back in third and fourth
place now it's all of a sudden a really
positive thing for them to be in third
fourth but if you look at it
realistically I think five questions in
one game away from TL any of the two
games like they're not that much better
than TL so like that's my opinion from
like a public standpoint yeah and it's
probably a different opinion than most
other people and then like from a Ross
like do you want me to analyze like
their roster like no I mean you don't
you don't have to I mean I guess I will
shorten the question down to also what
do you think of them sort of getting all
this 10th like bringing dart off back
like it just seemed like their roster is
kind of crazy and I'm sure they're not
you know you would probably not make the
same decision so what do you think of
that that I least at least I wouldn't
make the same decisions because at that
point I would just go and Playa dude
kidding but honestly it really depends
on what at what point where I can be
involved in the teal organization so I'm
and I don't see bringing in doc as is a
bad scenario because they can fit camp
I'm making and that if you do see on say
drew Mickey's playing really well he's
winning his Lane every single time he's
up in CS he's actually playing really
well I don't I don't think that piglet
is actually living up to
his expectation as like a world-class ad
carry he should be playing a lot better
he didn't play I would say he's not
playing super well right now and I would
say these kind of letting his
organization down in that sense because
he's not living up to his expectations
from getting a doc standpoint it really
gives them more options to to not use
golden glue and golden goo hasn't shown
much progress by how many games he's
played that's why they had to go with
the more superior mid laner going into
promotion relegations is going to be
it's going to be tricky for them and if
I were in their case I would definitely
have gotten dark for sure just because
it just gives the organization more
options and it's improving weeks and
weeks that what they're doing with the
golden good isn't working with golden
glow' and reignover right so by Tom
playoffs comes all right I mean sorry
promotion/relegation comes they will
have a belter an option to choose the
the team that they think is best so more
options is better than just you know
having one so yeah Andy is there
anything you would like to say to any of
the TSM fans um not necessarily I mean
thanks guys for supporting us through
all these years it's it's been an
exciting would for me especially in you
sports I mean I think that's what I'm
gonna leave you two were just nothing
but yeah thank good having you here man
it was great I'm glad I could do your
last interview
yeah thanks is reporting to us I mean
things like to our fans sponsors thanks
Travis for you know being a part of you
sports I'm super excited for you know
despite us in general because it's like
it is really the last play out say for
franchising and there's going to be all
these new faces and all these new people
and so I'm just super excited I'm glad
we finished first but you know as I've
said before season season standings
don't really matter that much envious or
Dignitas can easily come in and win the
whole thing so we're very much taking it
one step at a time and we're focused on
we're just focused on every match for
focus on semifinals it's gonna be really
hard there could be a case where we
don't even win semis and we go to the
gauntlet because cloud9 wins it you know
so they beat us and they take second we
can easily bin the gamma so there's
still a really tough road head for us
surprise there's no TSM store shout out
yeah get some sore let's go thanks so
much for the interview you can check out
the rest of our coverage of all things
League of Legends eSports tomorrow right
here on my youtube channel everyone I
want to thank you for subscribing it to
my channel what you haven't subscribed
yet but the sponsor alright well anyway
if you haven't subscribed you should
definitely do that otherwise Han cert
will attack you and also feel for you to
support me over at travel ok.com slash
support